hello everyone got another indie box
here and we are getting dangerously
close to getting caught up I'm very
proud of myself because I've been trying
to crank out these episodes as quickly
as I can to get right up to speed so
hopefully hopefully we'll be getting
caught up very soon but let's figure out
what this box is let's see and it's
galaxies or galaxies I don't know I
pronounce two different ways I've heard
pronounced galaxies and galaxies but I
say galaxies because galaxy is just
stupid it's obviously a pun so that's
why I say galaxy and let's see what this
is treat your shelf Oh oh these are
those cards I still don't know how you
use these um so yeah they're just
collectable cards but let's see what
they are maybe I shouldn't be opening
them who knows how the hell date you're
supposed to use them but yeah I just
haven't even looked at them - damn it
there we go
I haven't even figured out how these are
supposed to be used whether you're
supposed to trade them use them online
what the hell it you're supposed to do
and okay uh that's from our mellow
galaxy star may sir dip what I remember
this game huh okay and then planet diver
what is that from I have no clue what
this game is from but oh well
some of those are carts I got I don't
know how the hell you're supposed to use
them I don't know what they do but let's
go ahead and I will give you the code
later
all right here's galaxy I love this the
it's from this company 17-bit and of
course they're going for like the retro
style and that's really cool they
include the little figure right there
and let me see includes exclusive figure
and official soundtrack well duh of
course as a soundtrack
non-stop arcade action cool and you know
what I like that a shot of the dev team
right there and they're dressed in those
Lucha Libre masks that's really cool
all right and what the hell look pcs VGA
version ST version GS version c64
version Commodore 64 of course and but
it says version shipping summer 8 1989
of course it's a joke but is that true
is there like a setting to where you can
change it to make it look like that I
don't know I haven't seen that setting
or anything let's go ahead and open this
up get my figure on ahh I ripped it damn
it
ok fortunately I was unboxing a little
bit too vigorously what the heck this
the material of the cine boxes you can
hear it it's like really rough material
usually they're very glossy I don't know
if I don't know if that was deliberate
if it's just gonna be for this box or
future ones but they are using a
different material for the box itself so
that's weird what is this
Astro points click and say yeah cool
that's kind of like total films
interesting alright what look at this
music from the enemy oh no way
no way this is this is an actual
cassette is it let's see
it is a cassette what no way that's
crazy
okay this surprised me that is very
surprising that took a lot of effort I
would say I didn't expect something like
that that came straight out of left
field
oh cool here's the game itself this is
from a ship in the game that's pretty
cool let's see and now I think that's
part of the packaging I don't think
that's hopefully that's nothing that
came apart indie box cool and they
actually did like a different like style
of it like usually it's you know just
that weird indie box let Arena then like
the Oh will be something too
let's just unbox it like this yeah
there's oh no no there is something else
in here holy crap this one it's stopped
he has tons of stuff in it all right
let's check out this figure I don't
think he transforms but let's see it's
still a very very nice looking figure
look at this the paint it's not really
all that great like you can see in the
face that they the quality isn't really
all there focus focus camera I command
you to focus there we go now you see it
listens to me alright but yeah you see
like in the face they didn't really get
everything perfect but you know what as
just shelf candy that's pretty cool and
I know I'm a complete hypocrite I didn't
even notice that there's a stand uh here
we go there we go cool I know I'm a
complete hypocrite because even with
what was that lovers in a dangerous
space-time I was like I don't really
like it that you know it has a has a
figure in there I don't like figures I
don't like bobblehead figures that sort
of thing but this actually looks pretty
nice this might change me on that whole
idea because that actually looks really
cool anyway it's just like a toy this is
like a toy that I would have had you
know back in the 80s because look even
has your laser sword right there and
even the ship nice Wow
hey the WoW air is back you guys will be
happy for that oh maybe I did that wrong
or no no maybe it just goes on there
okay so yeah
that is cool that looks absolutely great
oh that's awesome
then his sword you know what yeah let's
take out his sword he needs a sword get
his sword put it right there
this guy's ready to rock and roll come
on take your sword whatever okay that's
good enough oh that looks cool that is
actually something you could put on your
shelf and be proud of and what are these
okay I guess tada hopefully that's all
that's all that was I don't know let me
get this out of the way and
let's see what this oh there's more
stuff in here
oh nice look at this worst case survive
that's the derry-o of survival manual
United Earth Navy cool oh man this looks
really cool they did a really good job
with this box already I I'm so blown
away there's so many surprises here
galaxy okay a little sticker and what is
this a poster or what yeah yeah it's a
little poster ah no way it's almost like
a film poster sort of I don't know but
yeah that's cool and as it turns out
I've already played this game because I
got it with PlayStation Plus so I played
it on ps4 so this will be one of the
easiest and ybox episodes I've ever done
because I could give you the review
right now I've already played through it
and it launched with like four scenarios
they called it really it's like for like
areas like missions that they had and so
and then they have room for a fifth one
now I went to hand play through all of
the four that were available and I think
the fifth once in beta right now for PC
I don't think it's on ps4 yet so that
kind of sucks that they're lagging with
the ps4 one but the game itself it's a
roguelike spaceship shooter type game
and they use these beautiful cel-shaded
graphics the graphics are just awesome
like what you see right there was a
figure and what the ship looks like
that's what it looks like in the game
pretty much actually it looks a little
bit better than this and in this ship by
the way is a total bitch to defeat oh my
god when you see one like you really
have to you really have to use some
strategery to you know get past them and
that's one things I like about it
because the game is very punishing it's
very hard like most roguelikes they're
pretty well known for their difficulty
the game is constantly trying to kill
you and but when you come to a ship like
this you really really have to and you
know what yeah let's illustrate with the
ship right here you see it's like
overhead style so you're you know
piloting the ship like this and you
could go side to side roll and all that
sort of thing - you know evade or you
know shoot your lasers whatever and when
you get to a ship like this first of all
it's a lot bigger than you know they're
not to scale right here this one is one
of the like capital ship type
and when you see one and like I said
it's it's all randomized it's a
roguelike so you never know when you're
gonna encounter something like this and
but when you do I like it that you have
to get strategic because you can't just
go in shooting and firing maybe if you
get good and you know you're good enough
then that's not a problem and you can go
ahead and do that you can just go in
guns blazing but the safest and best way
to do it is to you know actually do a
little bit of reconnaissance and know
what you're getting into
like for instance your engines they do
make noise depend on which saying you're
at so sometimes you just kinda have to
creep around the enemy and see what
their what their strength is like and
then formulate a plan to get by them and
like for instance there were like these
little electrical connections you could
throw at them and that makes their
shields go out and then you can go ahead
and tack them that way
goddammit those dogs are barking again
but you know I realized that some of you
can't hear them if you don't have your
speaker's turned up because like the the
noise cancelling that I use sometimes it
takes out the dogs so a lot of you
probably think that I'm crazy but no
they are out there it's really
annoying but back to the game though the
game is really really good even though
it is very very difficult it's it's
almost impossible for me to get through
it with it's just like the roguelike
setting where you don't have the
continues after you die where it takes
you right back to the beginning after
you die I can't do that so I actually do
have to just go the sissy route then you
know replay levels after I die because
usually I do get myself into trouble
there it's very easy to get yourself
into into a lot of trouble in this game
but the environments are really really
interesting you can use like like lava
pools and everything to throw enemies in
there and by the time you get to the
second scenario I think it is I think
it's a second you find out there's like
this lever on your ship you find out the
your ship can transform into a mech so
your ship can transform into that on the
fly it's not limited or anything you can
use it whenever you want and the mech
has different abilities to it like as a
grappling hook with your hands it has
the laser sword which gives a little bit
more damage but of course you have to be
closer to the enemy it's a melee weapon
and
it's just so good they really engineered
this game well but that's the problem
from a gameplay standard it's very well
done it is just one of the most
beautiful games I've ever seen but from
an actual like programming and that sort
of standard they didn't really do that
well because the game constantly crashes
at least on ps4 so that gets really
really annoying and I don't know if
they've ever patched it I guess
hopefully hopefully if they patch it
once they include scenario 5 then we
could actually you know see if it's made
any difference but so far the game is
just so buggy it's it's just terrible
and I gotta say that this game galaxy
and then also broforce and there's one
more well a nuclear throne which we also
saw those ones there so buggy that I'm
sorry they're just unacceptable for a
console release I know that those same
problems you know they don't happen as
often on PC but they are still present
on PC but still for a console release
that is no way to release your your game
on there and this game is definitely
guilty of that of just doing this it
almost feels like a rushed board I want
to say that it is but it feels like a
rush report where there are just so many
glaring problems where the whole game
will just mess up on you then it kicks
you out so it doesn't seem like that's
gonna be solved anytime soon and I gotta
say that if this is the way that indie
games are gonna be on ps4 then I'm done
with consoles and I never thought that I
would say that but because I've been a
lifelong console gamer but I just can't
I just can't take that if they're gonna
be releasing games like that when I got
the ps4 I was like you know what I'm
just really gonna use this as a fallout
4 machine but then I was like you know
what well with this PlayStation Plus I
guess I could also get some free indie
games with it and the indie gaming scene
for ps4 is actually pretty good it's
pretty competent there's a lot of good
releases on there but it they're just so
buggy if they keep releasing games like
that like I said I'm out I'm not gonna
get a ps5 even if there is or isn't one
I know that there's been some
speculation that there won't be a PS 5
that you know ps4 that's the last true
console and you know the next we'll have
iterative
or whatever they want to call it where
you know it's just 4.5 upgrade and all
that other but aside from that I
don't know if the PC version is any
better I'm hoping to see if maybe
scenario 5 is included on the indie box
version I hope it is but I don't know if
it's not it's still a pretty cool game
scenario 5 actually got quite a bit of
heat because it's just not that great
it's not anything new from what I hear
it's like a different roguelike setting
so it's not even like new content which
is kind of strange I haven't played it
myself that's my little disclaimer
because like I said right now as of this
moment I only have on ps4 and it's not
available on there so I don't know if
scenario 5 is on here but like I said I
heard some people were disappointed with
it and I would be disappointed if it is
just a different setting because the
game itself scenario 4 ends with a
cliffhanger the bad guy spoiler alert I
guess I should say but the bad guy he
lives to fight another day and you're
kind of like are you know I'll get you
next time so it's almost like I feel
that that's a cop-out if they did not
include you know a good conclusion to
that with scenario 5 I mean I hope that
they went ahead and did that and I hope
that they're not playing for a sequel if
they're doing like that because that's
really cheap like I said but I just hope
that I just hoped it's not as bad as
people are saying but there's only one
way to find out I gotta try it out and
hopefully I could get scenario 5 and see
what that's like but still this is just
such a good indie box I mean this this
one really came through it it looks
great
it came with great collectables and
different little things that you can you
know display it this is actually really
really impressive if they could keep
doing this that's just awesome and they
include the soundtrack on a cassette
this time that came straight out of left
field I never thought that they would do
that oh my god Wow
III can't wait I'm gonna try to play
this and then see how it's like but oh
that's just so cool but yeah so that's
why I think about galaxies and I do
recommend the game even though I did say
that it's got some problems I do still
recommend
it's pretty good and but yeah I would
say maybe wait for a sale or something
because at full price I would just feel
bad if you were disappointed with it
with all the bugs but again I don't know
if PC is any better but at least for the
ps4 version I'm almost about to say stay
away from it unless you guy for free
with PlayStation Plus so yeah but either
way give this thing a try but just be
careful when you buy it so that way you
don't get disappointed later but that's
all I got for today thanks for watching
guys I'll see you next time